FMRF-124 hof and node upgrades (#66)
UKHomeOffice/evisa-find-my-reference: README.md

### Prerequisites

> - [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/) - v.24.18.0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/) - for supported versions see `engines.node` in [package.json](package.json)
```
